Project 1 Research Question

Hubble's law is a relationship that describes the expansion of the universe by connecting the speed at which galaxies move away from each other dependent on the distance between the two objects. For smaller separations of redshift, Hubble's law is given as a linear relationship between the redshift of the galaxy (or the speed of the galaxy) and the distance. That is, the further away a body is, the more redshifted light emitted from that body would be. The linear scaling of this redshift increase is determined by Hubble's constant H0.
Type Ia supernovae provide one possible route for investigating Hubble's law. These objects are standardizable candles, meaning that their distance to the observer can be determined with very few parameters. In the data set used for this project, their peak magnitude will serve as the main determiner of the distance, and spread will be present because of the lack of considering other effects. The redshift for these supernovae is also provided, allowing for the the determination of Hubble's constant through a linear regression. 
The data set being used is limited to Type Ia supernovae up to about a redshift of 1. The data provides the redshift relative to the universe rest frame (the CMB rest frame) and the peak magnitude of the supernova. As provided in the reference paper, the distance can be calculated for these supernovae from a consideration of the peak magnitude, a time-stretching parameters and the color of the supernova.
A complicating factor for this data set is in the residuals from a linear fit. The errors for the measurements are higher for the peak magnitude increases for larger magnitudes, which means that the intrinsic spread doesn't follow a simple normal distribution. One possible correction method for this is a Box-Cox Transformation, but other alternate routes for ensuring an accurate regression are being investigated.

Reference Paper: https://www.aanda.org/articles/aa/pdf/2014/08/aa23413-14.pdf
Reference Data: https://vizier.cds.unistra.fr/viz-bin/VizieR-3?-source=J/A%2bA/568/A22/tablef3
